# Game-Design-Assignment

<h2>Step 1: Portfolio, Brainstorm, Pitch and Project Plan - 10 November 2021</h2><div class="no-overflow"><div>This is a group project that will be deployed in portfolio format.&nbsp; To get started you need to form a group of two or three people.&nbsp; This group will be your project group for the semester.&nbsp; The name of your project group and names of team members need to be recorded on the Project Wiki.<br></div><div><br></div><div>You are required to design an interactive story-based game using <strong>Joined Together</strong> as your theme.&nbsp; <br></div><div><br></div><div>Required:</div><ol><li>Create a GitHub repo for your project.&nbsp; Use GitHub Pages to create an 
index page for your project's portfolio.&nbsp; This will eventually have 
several links, including pitch, brainstorm, Scrum, prototype, etc.&nbsp; 
Format it similar to <a href="https://qph.fs.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-3d63f64f5375c7986d263e15099bcdba" target="_blank">this,</a> but be creative!</li><li>Conduct a brainstorming session with your teammates.&nbsp; Use Trello to manage the session.&nbsp; Collect evidence 
that the session took place in the form of a video or screen grabs of your completed Trello board.&nbsp; Detail the who, 
where, when, how long, etc. of the session.&nbsp; The product of the session 
should be a coherent game concept (board or digital) that will form the basis of
 your game pitch.&nbsp; <br></li><li>Prepare a five minute presentation to describe your game concept.&nbsp; Use Google Slides or PowerPoint to create your slide deck.&nbsp; Some background on pitching <a href="https://wit-my.sharepoint.com/:p:/g/personal/blyng_wit_ie/ERgYuCzV4olAl_TQSYLmgNEBWjyucPKJMJh0lqtnEQIweA?e=tFJJqx" target="_blank">here</a> and <a href="https://wit-my.sharepoint.com/:p:/g/personal/blyng_wit_ie/EYm6ES36_O9HrjSILvUcfikBKAdTP8aIsFzL1NaTAfwa8w?e=d1azlZ" target="_blank">here</a>.&nbsp; Your pitch should be recorded and posted to YouTube.<br></li><li>Using your knowledge of Scrum, prepare a project management plan for your game.&nbsp; Plan and detail the first Sprint.&nbsp; Provide a burndown chart for the Sprint.&nbsp; For forecasting purposes, assume that the final deliverable falls due in the second week of January.&nbsp; Use Trello to create a Scrum board.<br></li></ol>Upload <strong>one</strong> Word document containing all of the above here.&nbsp; Include links to two Trello boards (brainstorm and Scrum board), your project GitHub page, your pitch video and your slides.&nbsp; If you have used PowerPoint upload your slides here (in .pptx format).<br></div>


<div role="main"><span id="maincontent"></span><h2>Step 2: Narrative, Level Design and Twine Prototype</h2><div id="intro" class="box py-3 generalbox boxaligncenter"><div class="no-overflow"><div>You are required to continue working with your project team on your Pandora project from stage 1.&nbsp; The components detailed here should all be uploaded to your Github project page.&nbsp; The deliverables in this stage are: <br></div><div><br></div><ol><li><span style="font-size: 0.9375rem;">Narrative synopsis.&nbsp; Write the story of your game using a narrative synopsis.&nbsp; Your game’s story should use a narratological structure such as those proposed by Aristotle, Freytag or Campbe</span><br></li><li>Character profile.&nbsp; Write a character brief for your game’s primary characters (protagonist, antagonist, tritagonist if relevant).&nbsp; Detail their motivations, personality, appearance, goals, wants and needs, etc. </li><li>Level design.&nbsp; Draw one level map for each level in your game. Use a Beat Chart to differentiate between your levels. &nbsp;</li><li>A Unity Ink-based prototype of your game.&nbsp; State which levels (detailed in step 3) are included in the prototype.</li><li>Updated Github portfolio.&nbsp; Add all of the above as separate elements to your GitHub portfolio. </li></ol>Upload one document in Word format (do not zip).&nbsp; Create headings for Narrative, Character Design, Level Design, Prototype (provide a link and how-to-play instructions) and GitHub Portfolio (provide a link). Upload one document per team.<br></div></div><div class="submissionstatustable">
</div></div></div>
